【什么是囯民】
由集拳到放拳:唯心治世（我源）...、帝王、王族、贵族、官僚、教派、金钱、一体化...开源...、
雇员，信徒，贱民、仆从（下等人、奴才）、奴隶、人畜、...逻辑献物（他源）
【what is an countryer-person】
begin from power-oneown to free-allperson:
think-control（ME-SOURCE）...、emperor control、king and his-blood-relatives control、special-managers control、country-managers control、gods-faith control、money control、
all world be one person...OPEN SOURCE...、
worker for money、obey-person for god、person  be of country、servant for higher-person(bottomer、servant in hourse)、slaver、doger-person、...materialism(OTHERONE SOURCE)
#+[materialism is a way use logic to live and consider the world]
{排序这些后，我注意到金钱也不是很坏的东西，开源（也就是红色思想）更好。然而现在的中国和某些国家开源和共产都说不上，现在更像集权政府。我们都不要王权，却连平权都没有，什么蓝色什么红色，what a joke？而相信唯物主义是奴隶}
{sort those later,i notice money is not a very bad thing，open source（also is red idear）more better.however now china and some countrys that open-source or aller-get all not get such say，now more belike a power-concentrate country.we no think get emperor power,but even the equal power not get，what blue，what red，what a joke？and believe logic is slaver}

【你是不是囯民】
一分钱都没有留下的叫死人，一个月一分钱都没有有余的叫奴隶，一个月有闲钱但是买不了住处的叫下等人，有钱买住处的叫囯民。
【do you a countryer-person】
one money can't leave is called dier，by one month that one money no leaves called slaver,one month gets some free money but can't buy house is called lower,have money to buy hourse is called countryer-person


【世界的强大】
这个世界比我想象的强大的多得多，字典里的字词就是世界的功能。我举个例子吧，假设世界拥有制造人的权限却不受限制，一个国家一万人能挑出一个天才，一亿人能挑出一个国家领导人或者一个和你有相同特长知道相同答案的人再正常不过。如果时间无限延长呢？就算最傻的人用无限生命也可以习得高难度的数学，何况天才。如果他控制时间空间情感逻辑，我想问听完我这问题，你应该知道什么叫世界的强大了吧。
【world's great】
the world for the mine imagination,bigger power more by more,dictionary in it's word is the world's functions.i post an example ,if the world has person-creat power and not be limited,one country that 10000 human  can have an intelligent,10000 0000 human can have an country-leader or an person like you have the same skill or know the same question answer,can't be more normal.if time be no end extends eh? even the sup-stupy person use the no end lives can learn the great hard math,not care the intelligent .if it can control time space emotion logic,i think by the quetion,you should know what calls the world's great-powerful.
【唯物的末路】
这个世界最后被强大的文明做成电脑，我们就死定了。如果他们能控制时空我们更死了,所以唯物主义是没有出路的。在唯物主义世界，你的肉体弱小打不过宇宙战舰；你需要武将和文管，那么你们就需要巴结人；你寿命有限就得去死;有未知的就得恐惧。
【materialism's end-road】
the worlds in end be created an world's computer,that we will be dead-end.if they can control time we more will be dead-end,so materialism has no way path.in materialism-world,you body is weak small battles no way to win the space-battleship;you needed battle-man and knowledge-man ,then you need let others like you;your life is limit then will be go to died; have unknown's will be afraid.
【唯心主义】
而我得到的信息是，有欲望才有行动，无知才能勇敢，愚蠢才会对强者发动战争，不要别的东西，才不怕战败失去人生。这让我愈发觉得，把别人想象成为自己服务的，并以此行动，虽然简直就是找死，但是他起码能战斗。在唯物主义世界只要活着就得遵守逻辑规则（有说法是古希腊人发明逻辑消遣奴隶），并且为此活动，这种活法就是奴隶甚至不如奴隶。死或者活着但是不干活，是唯一的对唯物主义说不的做法。那么为什么我们不拥抱唯心主义。我不擅长动粗所以没自杀也没发动战斗因为我没发让自己相信唯心主义。而且如果你们想自杀，我只能说死后的事没那么简单，如前面说的有人创造了这个世界，而且因为我们遵守逻辑，对死后的事没有发言权，发生什么我们也只能认命不是吗？（说起来神干活就行了，我们干什么活，真搞笑，没有强大神力的人类那是什么都不是）。
【think-control】
and i got information is that,have want only that will have action,no known thing only that can be brave,stupy only that can face stronger create a battle,refuse get other thing,only that don't afraid losser that loses the life,these make me more think,make others thinked as serves for me,and live by this way,although simply is like look death,but it at least can fight.in materialism-world just live juse obey logic rules(some speaks is that ancient-Greeks create logic play slaves)and live by this way,this live way just is slave or even more worse than slave.die or live but no to live-work，is the only way face materialism to say no in a way.that why we don't accept think-control.i not good at crazy so don't i-kill-i or battle because i can't let me believe think-control.and if you want to i-kill-i，i just can say die is not such simple,like the behind say have one create the word,and because we obey the logics,face the died's process-thing no right-power to argue,happen whatever we then just can accept the thing isn't it?（others be said,god work is just ok,we do what work,just joker for joke.no great speacial-power's people is what is not any what）

【建立一个新的国家】
既然是唯心主义世界，那么我也可以建国了（这回我们真可以有土地），我在此建立一个新的国家，符合条件的自动被认定为我国家的国民。先这样吧。
国名叫我圀，国旗图案为一个正八芒星有指向八个反向的箭头像米字一样（用指向八方象征世界）。我这个国家运行以唯心主义治理，加入本国者以唯心治世。
【creat an new country】
since it is think-control world,so i can create country（and this time we truely can have land），in here i create an new country，the fit ones autoly be my country's people .now just being this.
the country name called I-Wountry.the country flag'shape is a star has go eight-direction's arrow like 米(use go eight-direction stand for world).my this country goven by think-control to move,join this country that people by think-control cure the world

【革命】
其实我们的信息传输和武器都能被国家强行干预，我说再多你们还能建立一个国家在地球上并且让中国美国俄罗斯都承认吗？我其实知道我无法完成物理世界的革命。不过我一年都没说话，只是因为没兴致。
【free-war】
in fact our conversation post and weaponry can with country be forced limit,i speak more even also can you create an country in earth and let CH US RU all to admit?i  actually know i can't finish the free-fight to the materialism-world.but i have one-year no say,just because i have no enthusiasm.and the english translation not convenient
